So hey guys welcome to another new
video of mine.  Today I am going to introduce you to
one of my special things.  Right now I am
in Hathras.  So today I am going to Aligarh.  So I
thought I should make a small vlog.
And just check the cold a little bit.
Wait a second.  Let me tell you.  So
brother, there is a lot of fog all around right now,
I am shooting the intro on the terrace
because there were only a few people downstairs, so I was feeling shy
here too, that's why [sangeet] I am
shooting while sitting, I feel a little bit like I will meet
you somewhere, let's go and
meet you somewhere on the way, so guys,
I have reached Sare Bhaiya
's shop right now, so I am not going alone.
Three more people are going with me.
Apart from this, I am not needed there.
Those who were driving are more needed.
So let me introduce you anyway.
So this is our Shivam Bhai and in the end
why should I die alone, I will get him killed too along with me.
[laughter]
And there's this nugget inside.  He is still trapped inside the car.
Sadiq Bhai is going with us.
This is his shop.  If you need anything fixed,
come here.
We are not going.  We are not going.
These will go.  They will have to go in the cold.
These will also die.  And one more person is going, can you
see our brother?  Can't see.
Big sir.
So this one is going.  This is his main role.
This is the main leader brother.  So it is very important for them to go.
So this one is going.  See
you later.  Let's see.
[laughter]
So guys, that's what got me
there.
I will tell you the details later and he had an
accident one and a half month ago.
This is something else and the claim process is still going on.
So blood samples of this one
[music] was injured so his blood sample has been
taken in the claim process.  Let's see
[music] It's been a month and a half since the claim was
filed, and the company still keeps acting.
So the claim process is going on right now.  We will find out what happens.   Will
you give the claim or not?  He is
trying his best to
find some clue somehow.  So right now this is his condition
brother.  Get the claim soon.
I had got Zero Dep Orange done and let's see
what happens next brother.
So guys, after seeing the condition of the car,
I did not shoot any further video.  Now I am
shooting this video the next day.
Because now I am going to share
whatever problems I faced.  The
problems I have faced so far regarding insurance
claim.  [Music] So don't skip
this video.  It was November 14th.
My cousin was driving the car and was
returning from a wedding.  While returning from the wedding [Music]
a truck driver caused an accident and ran away.  The
car met with an accident in Hathras.
By the way, I had taken the car from Agra.
Aligarh is situated near Hathras.  So we thought of
taking it to Aligarh and getting whatever
claim process or whatever it is, done right there.
So we took the car and went to Aligarh.  We
even took away the car with such a
tractor.  One thing you should remember is that
[music]
brother, they also look at which vehicle you towed it with.  The
insurance company
people also ask for that.  They ask for its receipt
[music] that brother, from where did you get that done and bring it.
So we did not have any
receipt, we told them that.  So
after a few days we reach Tata Motors
Aligarh Muscat.  So after going there,
we told everything to the Tata Motors [music].
Gave every detail about how the
accident happened, where it happened, who all were in the car.
Yes, let me tell you one thing.
No one in the car was hurt [MUSIC].
One of our brothers who was sitting in the front seat had
only one injury on his head.  Apart from this, no
one else in the car was injured.  So
somehow his blood reached the driver's side
air bag.  It may have happened
while removing it and we don't know how it reached there.
But his spot came a little.
After that [MUSIC] they asked us for documents.
RC insurance papers and old
policy papers were also asked for.  The car is in my father's
name so [music] his Aadhar
card, PAN card, my cousin who was driving the car's
Aadhar card, PAN card,
driving license and at home my father does
n't have a driving license.  So
I gave it to my brother.  So his driving
license was applied.  His Aadhar card was found.
We gave so many things there.  After that the
job card was made and from there our work was
over.  Then we returned from there.
We asked him how much time it would take?
So he told that the survey will be done now.
[Music] After that, a day or two passed,
then I called Tata Motors
in Muscat.  So he [Music] told me that the
surveyor would come in a day or two.  Then the
surveyor came there.  In that, photographs and photos of the car were
taken and by then these people had prepared and
given the estimate.  The estimate was very high
, it was very high, so in this round another surveyor
came and [music] the estimate is very high.  I had
insurance from CIC Labard.   There
was a zero depth policy.  Own damage was covered in this.
So, it took a lot of time.  Then
after 7-8 days another surveyor came again.   The
senior surveyor might have taken photographs and whatever
documents were there, I had provided all the photographs of the spot.
Brother, photos of the spot are
also required.  That surveyor also completed the
survey and left.  Then nothing happened after that.
Then we stayed for a few days.
I probably called Tata Motors Muscat as well.   When
I asked there, they said talk to me.
I spoke to the surveyor.  Then it was
learnt from there that now an investigator would
come.  Then [MUSIC] an investigator from there
came a few days later, brother.  I'm
telling you very quickly, but I spent a
lot of time sending [music] throughout this process.  It was
probably about 15 days when the
investigator came after 15 days.  Then brother, that
investigator was behaving as if
we had committed a crime.  He
met me [music].  I met my cousins.
Took him to the spot.  He took photographs there.
Insurance papers, old
policy papers and then he went home.
Met my father there.  So he got him to
write down in writing [music]
what kind of accident happened brother.
He took the entire process in writing.
They must have some branch of ICI of Fensik.
Some forensic people came from there.
Now the videos that you are seeing are the same
forensic ones.  Now here
they took the blood sample.  He
took photographs.  [Music] Made videos of the car.   Was
driving the car.  Made a video of them.
Asked him many questions.  He
asked the same question several times that you were driving the car yourself.
Who was sitting behind?  Who was sitting on the side
?  what was his name?  What was his name?
After that brother, then after that when we got free from there,
then [music] the
driver who was
driving the car took the blood sample to the pathology to collect it.  There
they made him fill the form and took his blood sample, that is, got his
blood test done.  Then
he took his report and
brother he left with [music].  This process has been completed so far.
Yes, I asked him that brother,
how many more days will it take because it has already been
one and a half months.  Brother, it will take another
10-15 days.  I am making this video so
that all the car
owners can understand and learn a little from this [music] video
that brother, you should choose
from which company you want to get the insurance done.  Which one should
not be done?  Brother, just like I
am stuck right now, so that you people don't get stuck.  That's all there was
to this video.  The more you
share, the more it will benefit the people.
So brother, please share this.